Run, keep running, can't you run very well?
What do you mean? What do I mean?
You're playing dumb with me, right?
Why are you talking to my boss?
I don't understand what you're talking about.
Fight if you want
Don't smash our venue with ink
You're quite righteous
Sisters fuck him
What's the noise?
It's not safe to sleep
Landing? What are you doing here?
I also want to ask you
This is my turf
Why are you interested?
Not really.
Just hey
Enough chatting, no one looks down on you?
The Heart-giving Society just looks down on you for sowing discord
The road is you again
Don't think I'm afraid of you
Which conflict between us?
I have also been involved in your affairs, Shen Jing
Let your scheme succeed today
It's time for these little bitches to teach a lesson
Come on, come on, you dare to scold me
Sisters take Jiang Road and Shen Jinyan
Sister, I have a great reward
Reported to logistics
Ah!